ok so now we're going to talk a little
bit about bow divisions and rhythms and
a good way to demonstrate bow divisions
is in a scale I always put my metronome
at 60 when I practice my scales and I
work from a slow tempo up to a faster
tempo but the but the metronome always
stays at 60 so first you start with
whole notes which is 4 counts to 60 and
that's dividing the bow 1 2 3 4 1 2 3 4
so I'll play a little bit of an a major
scale like that
okay now I'm going to show you about
doing half notes separate bowls I'm
going to divide the bow one two one two
so the bowl is going a little faster
and now we're going to go to quarter
notes but we're going to slur them so
that one note is half a bow and the next
note is half a boat
but if you can see the Bo division is so
important because if I did not divide
that in half and I divided it you know
the first note 3/4 of a boat and then
the second note just a quarter of a bow
the sound would be very different it
would sound like this
now maybe you'll use that kind of a bow
speed at some point and bow division but
you know to really practice your scales
and get them you know the right sound
sustained you do definitely need the
exact bow division sort of like you know
math let's go to four notes to a bow so
now you're dividing each note into
quarters one two three four one two
three four
so this is a little example of Bo
division in your scales and you can use
in all your different scales and of
course your pieces as well